another prompt

Let Start with DOS
1. Class Management
a. Create Classes we have two Option when creating class 1st is O'Level or Ordinary Level in That level there are different classes we have Senior 1 to Senior 3 but in that Senior they can have A and B means S1 A, S1 B, and that goes to Senior 2, and Senior 3. The 2nd is A'Level or Advanced Level in Advanced level we have two Trade one is Software Development(SOD)(Level 3, Level 4, and Level 5), and Accounting Profession(ACC)(S4 ACC, S5 ACC, and S6ACC) those also can have A and B, after creating Class then he can assign student to those class from Student Management. Class can have classID, class name ex: S3A for O'level, S5 ACC B or L3 SOD etc.., and Class Teacher name from Teachers who are registered on our system, and he can edit that anytime

b. Each class have a Class Teacher who will be in charge of putting marks to his class after, 

2. Student Management 
a. Requirement to register a student are
First name, Last name, gender, date of birth(that will return age number), class(from class created), StudentID(that will autogenerated by combining this (Current year we are in+OLC if the student is in O'level or+trade for A'Level student+ 001 that will increase by 1 every registration done for example 1. 2025OLC001, 2. 2025ACC002, 3. 2025SOD123 if we registered a student who has 2025ACC122 those are examples of how it will work)) for registering a student we will need also Parent or Guardian information Parent name, Parent phone number, relationship(dropdown to choose father, mother or Guardian) and email if any after that we will need Student Address information Province(Dropdown to choose from Rwandan Province and Kigali city) after selecting Province then it should display districts of that province and select the correct one he live in you can google the province of Rwanda and Kigali city the corresponding District and add it yourself after then we can enter the Sector, Cell, and Village after those then register a student 

b. Can edit, update, or delete a student

3. Marks Management 
a. Add marks, for adding marks first he will be able to select class, select assessment type and class will display the students names and fields to fill the marks  for each student or get marks from teacher and he can read them and edit those marks types of assessment could be Midterm exams, Formative assessment, End of unity, Summative Exam, integrated assessment for SOD and ACC or Final exam , so hear teacher can select which marks want to enter or upload. 
b. After getting all marks then DOS can Publish the marks, publish means student or parent will be able of seeing their performance 

4. For Performance Analysis will see the performance of each class see the best performer, those above 90%, 80%, 70%, 60%, 50% and Below 50% but for Student who Study in SOD those below 70% failed and see the numbers in each % level and the see the performance of the whole school here DOS can Publish to the news the best performer like best perform in midterm, best perform in 1st term exams, best performer for the year those best performer are student who scored above 84% so in each class if there is any student who got above 84% his or her marks are published in the news what we will see in news is the name of the student, his or her class, and the score

5. for Discipline report will see what DOD will publish for final report 

6. for Final report is to export marks for each class the final marks 